Aditya Jain India | adityajain162001@gmail.com | +91 8821090772 | GitHub | LinkedIn| Portfolio Summary Computer Science graduate with strong back-end experience in SQL databases. Proficient in front-end technologies, including HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and React. Hands-on experience with Agile methodologies and Git for version control. Possesses a startup mentality with strong problem-solving and communication skills. Education Technocrats Institute of Technology Excellence, Bhopal Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science August 2020 – June 2024 • CGPA: 8.74 Acharya Vishya Valley Higher Secondary School, Ganj Basoda Class 12th in Physics-Chemistry-Mathematics June 2019 – May 2020 Skills Programming and Scripting Languages: Java, Python, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, MYSQL. Frameworks and Libraries: Django, Flask, React.js Tools: Git, GitHub, JDBC(APIs), Figma(UI/UX), Android Studio, Visual Studio. Operating System: Windows, Linux, Mac. Soft Skills: Communication, Teamwork, Adaptability, Persuasion. Projects Algorithm Visualizer (Github Link) • Developed an application to visualize different algorithms using React. • Visualizes algorithms, including Bubble Sort, Merge Sort, Insertion Sort, etc. • Users can create custom input or generate random input for visualization. • Provides step-by-step execution to enhance understanding of algorithms. • Tools: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js. To-Do List Mobile App (Github Link) • Developed a To do List mobile app which is a simple and intuitive tool designed to help users manage tasks efficiently.. • With an easy-to-use interface, users can create, edit, and prioritize their to-dos, set reminders, and mark tasks as completed. • The app supports organizing tasks into different categories, ensuring a clutter-free experience. Ideal for individuals seeking a straightforward solution to stay organized and productive. • Tools: Java, SQLite. Expense Tracker (Github Link) • Created a web application to track and categorize personal expenses with a focus on usability and data visualization. • Implemented user authentication to securely manage user data. Integrated features for categorizing expenses and generating reports with charts using a JavaScript library. • Ensured a responsive design for optimal use across different devices. • Tools: Python (Flask or Django), HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Achievements and Certifications • Solved over 500 coding problems on various coding platforms. • Secured 94th rank in a GeeksforGeeks (GFG) contest. • Led a team in the Smart India Hackathon (SIH) to present a collaborative project, "Women Safety Application." • OCI Generative AI Professional: Oracle (2024)