MANDAVA SRIDHAR E-mail: sridharmadhava1@gmail.com Contact: +91 9866633951 LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/sridhar-mandava-85b787201/ Career Objective: To join a progressive organization where I can apply my academic knowledge, gain practical experience, and grow my career in Software industry. EDUCATION: YOP GMR Institute of Technology (B.Tech - IT) May 2023 Sanketika Polytechnic College (Visakhapatnam) Jun 2020 Bhashyam Public School Apr 2017 IT PROFICIENCY TRAINING: I have accomplished the required training in Software Testing. Test Automation & Maintenance: • Developed and maintained robust automation test frameworks using Java, Selenium • Optimized existing test scripts for improved efficiency and maintainability. Test Planning & Execution: • Have an understanding about Collaboration with developers to design effective testing strategies for new features. • Created comprehensive test plans and automated test cases to achieve thorough application coverage. • Executed and analyzed automated test results to identify potential defects and ensure application quality. Quality Assurance & Troubleshooting: • Collected and reported key quality metrics to monitor test effectiveness. • Have an idea on how to support engineering teams in troubleshooting application and development/testing environment issues. Technical Skills & Methodologies: • Proficient in Agile methodologies for iterative software development. • Possesses a strong understanding of various testing techniques (unit, integration, functional & automation) Skills: Testing Knowledge: Strong understanding of software testing methodologies, principles (SDLC, STLC). Bug Tracking: Proficient in utilizing bug tracking tools to report, track, and manage software defects effectively with the help of JIRA & Mantis Bug Tracker. Communication: Ability to clearly communicate test cases, findings, and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences. Collaboration: Effective collaboration with developers and other stakeholders to ensure successful project delivery. Interpersonal Skills:  Problem-solving: Anticipate and resolve business issues, analyze and troubleshoot technical problems  Communication: Verbal, written communication with clear explanation.  Learning: Agility, adaptability, willingness to learn new skills quickly  Ownership: Take ownership of tasks and solutions, drive them to completion  Teamwork: Collaborate with peers, participate in code reviews, support team objectives  Flexibility: Adaptable to changing priorities and work environment, willing to relocate for projects & work 24x7 shifts if required. ❖ ACADEMIC PROJECTS:  Emotion Based Music Player It recognizes the 7 emotions of the user and plays the music accordingly from YouTube.  Team selection and winning Prediction in Cricket using Machine Learning Techniques.  Developed and implemented an interactive Ekart website using MERN stack; enabled users to add products, create accounts, and browse offerings, resulting in a 40% increase in average order value and a 25% boost in user engagement metrics.  Developed a web Application for health Tracking application & tested the application using Manual Testing using JIRA Bug Tracking Tool, Creating projects, workflows, basic automation. ❖ ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: ● Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements. ● Contribution to Test Plan Documentation. ● Updating Test Cases and Test Data. ● Understanding of configuration management and version control systems. ● Performing functional test cases ❖ CERTIFICATIONS ● AWS Academy Graduate - AWS Academy Cloud Foundations ● Microsoft Technology Associate - Introduction to programming using python ● Coursera - Optimizing a Website for Google Search ❖ PERSONAL PROFILE D.O.B : 22/06/2002 Gender : Male Marital status : Single Nationality: Indian Languages known : English, Hindi & Telugu Declaration I solemnly declare that the information in this resume is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: HYDERABAD SRIDHAR MANDAVA