Aaditya Khare (+91) 9926412864 kharesk13@gmail.com LinkedIn Indore, Madhya Pradesh OBJECTIVE I would like to describe myself as a passionate person who loves to pursue tasks with the utmost dedication. ensure to meticulously plan things in order to respect deadlines, I am someone who is adaptable & can function well both independently & as a team player too. This is a quality that makes my peers & friends call me a sincere & dependable person. When off work, I like to spend my time reading, watching documentaries & indulging in social work. Interacting and communicating with people, getting to know their interests, talents, skills is something aspire to know My keen interest in travelling have helped me explore new things in life and aspire for a career that brings about positive change in my corporate growth. EDUCATION IBMR IPS Academy, Indore Master of Business Administration Shri Guru Teg Bahadur Khalsa collage, Jabalpur Bachelor of Business Administration Career Point World, Bilaspur (C.G.) Higher Secondary Uday Public School, Seoni ( M.P.) High School WORK EXPERIENCE Byju’s – Bangalore K.A. Mar 2023 — Present Senior Recruitment Associate • I am handling a team of 12 members. • Drive the number of team members and review their performance. • Conducting the jnal round of interviews and negotiating the salary accordingly. • Driveing the target of 20 'oined candidates per month per resource. • Achieving the target at the team level of 200 'oiners in a month. • Taking the one on one with the resources and giving the feeder of the performance. • Also hired 4 Hr interns for my team in an internship for the company-s cost reduction. • Monitoring and keeping track of candidates- performance once they are in the system as fullEtime employees. Byju’s – Bangalore K.A. Sep 2022 — Present Recruitment Associate • NndE toENnd Sales and 5onEIT StaJng • Hiring nonEIT staff across z00+ cities in India • Sourcing candidates from different ’ob Portals, Reducing the cost per hire Cold calling 100 plus prospective candidates on daily basis. • Shortlisting screening and scheduling the relevant candidates for conducting video interviews • Conducting video interviews of the 68 best candidates on weekly basis. • Hiring the best talent for the organiFation and rolling out the offer letter. • Checking documentation and guiding candidates through the onboarding process. • Hired for preEsales associate projle as a jnal interviewer. • Monitoring and keeping a track of candidatesO performance once they 'oin the system as fullEtime employees. Task us – Indore M.P ’un 2021 — ’un 2022 Human resource recruiter (Domestic Hiring) • NndEtoENnd 5onEtech StaJng. • Sourcing candidates from different ’ob Portals. • Reducing the cost per hire by Cold calling 100 plus prospective candidates on a daily basis. • Conducting an induction session for the candidate for employee engagement and creating awareness regarding company policies. • Shortlisting screening and scheduling the relevant candidates for conducting video interviews • Conducting video interviews of the 20 best candidates daily. • Hiring the best talent for the organiFation and rolling out the offer letter • Alining the batch of employees for the training pre pous INTERNSHIP Cross road vents, ’abalpur(’oiner Nvent manager) Conducted various business events for Red GM and many celebrity-s events along with party events like wedding and friendship day. Moogli Resort ’abalpur (Management interns) Done 3 months internship in moogli resort during my post graduations period. AWARDS Cluster Topper - International math's Olympiad 9th Class International math-s Klympiad Gold Medalist Represent district at State Level Wushu Association M.P. in 10thE Class Collage President Placement Cell E Shri Uuru Teg Bahadur Ghalsa collage ’abalpur CERTIFICATIONS Recruiting &Talent Sourcing: Finding Top Talent As A Recruiter Hdemy ChatGPT for HR 2z Aug 2023 Ureat Learning SKILLS Sourcing of the candidate Nxpert Onboarding Procedure Nxpert Knowledge about END- TO-END recruitment Nxpert Benevts and Compensation Nxpert HR Technology Provciency Nxpert Talent Managemnet Nxpert Problem-SolLing and Critical Thinking Intermediate 9egal and Compliance Knowledge Intermediate Training and DeLelopment Intermediate Con:ict Resolution Intermediate PERSONAL SKILLS • Possesses great analytical and problemEsolving skills. • Attentive listener and effective oral communication skills. • A team player, good at working collaboratively with people in order to achieve a common goal. • Has the capability to guide teams and steer the team members toward the achievement of goals. • Uood at organiFing tasks and pro'ects in a structured manner. • Nagerness to know and learn something. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES • Handel the Campus recruitment drive in collage • Act as the trainer for the candidate and guide them for their interview LANGUAGES Hindi Advanced English Advanced HOBBIES Reading TraLeling 9oLe to watch documentries based on Wildlife Powered by : ilaforplacements.com