Kajal Labhane To achieve path breaking excellence in my work through sincerity, hard work, efforts, intelligence and dedication by completing in challenging environment and properly using my skills to become a creative and good developer and also to integrate my skills for technical and career growth. KEY SKILLS Backend Development Interface Designing Distributed Computing Mobile-Based Application Development Coding & Troubleshooting Team Management LANGUAGES English Native or Bilingual Proficiency German Limited Working Proficiency Hindi Native or Bilingual Proficiency Marathi Native or Bilingual Proficiency Sanskrit Native or Bilingual Proficiency INTERESTS Classical Dancer EDUCATION BE (computer science & engineering) 2022, 82.17% HSC 2017, 62.92% Web Application | Sign Language Translator 2021, ATM Fraud Detection System 2022, Metaracing(Gaming Website) 2022, VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Collaborated with an NGO Relief India Trust for a social cause (2021) NSS(National Service Scheme) Role - Volunteer - Human Rights IT Networkz (Web Developer) (12/2020 - 12/2020) Fitmat pvt ltd(Full Stack Web Developer) (07/2022 - 11/2022) Work Experience TECHNICAL SKILLS Surfing & Cycling Power BI Trecking kajallabhane96@gmail.com 9607435765 linkedin.com/in/kajal-labhane Pune, India AmberSpark Technology LLP(Software Developer) (23/2023) pune manual Nagpur Nagpur and Performed automated &internal web applications created by developers is up to date and working properly(HTML, CSS, PHP, SQL) HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, React.js, TypeScript, Flutter software Java, C, C++, Python, SQL, JavaScript, Dart, PHP AWS Cloud, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Database Management, OOP. to ensure thetests Familiar With : As a As a software developer, my role encompasses a diverse array of responsibilities and technical expertise. innovative software solutions. My proficiency extends to database management with SQL, automating tasks through PowerShell, and crafting insightful data visualizations using Power BI. I excel in integrating systems through APIs and environments, overseeing projects from inception to deployment. My role includes coordinating gathering meetings, ensuring requirements are met, and ultimately, executing seamless software deployments that meet both user needs and organizational goals. I specialize in programming languages such as JavaScript, Java, and .NET, using them to design and develop Programming : Web & Mobile Technologies: As a full-stack developer, I specialize in a diverse range of technologies including Java, C, C++, Flutter, Dart, Firebase, MySQL, HTML, and CSS. My role involves designing and implementing both front-end interfaces and back-end systems, ensuring seamless integration and optimal performance for web and mobile applications. I collaborate closely with teams to deliver robust solutions that meet client requirements and enhance user experiences through iterative development and continuous improvement processes.. have hands-on experience with Zendesk for efficient ticket management. Beyond technical skills, I thrive in team Gained hands-on developing, implementing, and maintaining Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education (MSBSHSE) In tis project we develop an language translator which translate the hand gestures made by using fingers for speech impaired people around the world to communicate with each other. We develop an ATM fraud detection system as we all know that frauds are increasing day by day so this Atm fraud detection system helps us to find the fraud on time with location. In this we have Developed code to complete a Gaming Website using React.js, it's an gaming website with vibrant specifications & animations. KEY PROJECTS Web Development Agile Methodology Backend & Cloud Technologies: Firebase, AWS Cloud, .NET, PHP