1 CAREER OBJECTIVE DVELOPMENT SKILLS TECHNICAL SKILLS • Total Professional over 1+Years of Experience in Software Development. • Currently working as Software Developer in Sparkfun Software Solution Bengaluru, since June 2023 to till date. • To obtain a challenging position in the industry to apply my extensive analytical, programming and inter-personal skills in the design and development of software systems. • Good knowledge on software development life cycle, architecting scalable platforms, Object oriented programming, design and agile, scrum methodologies. • Have Skills To build web applications using Python, Django. • Having knowledge to using micro services architecture such as Flask and MVT architecture in Django. • Good knowledge in maintaining various version controls systems such as GIT Good knowledge about object-oriented programming (OOPS) concepts using Python. • work with various Python ides like PyCharm and Vs-code. • Good knowledge on HTML, CSS, Bootstrap. • Good understanding of HTTP methods, REST full Architecture. • Deployed the project using GIT version control system. • Has the proficiency of working on windows operating systems. • Has good knowledge on scripting languages. • An effective communicator with excellent interpersonal and problem-solving skills towards the customer. • Coding Languages: ➢ Front-End Development: - HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript ➢ Back-End Development: - Python Programming • Framework: Django, MVT • Operating Systems: Windows • Tools: JIRA,Postman, Git, GitHub • Databases: MySQL, SQL Kanchan Balkrushna Dorale Address: Gavli Nagar Bhosari Dist: Pune (411039) Maharashtra Email ID: dorlekanchan37@gmail.com Mob No: 8459440980 2 SKILLS 1. Project Name: E-Commerce Management ➢ Description: The E-commerce Management System project aims to develop a comprehensive online platform for managing e-commerce operations, including product management, order processing, inventory control, and customer relationship management. Built using Python programming language and Django web framework, the system provides a scalable and efficient solution for businesses to establish and operate their online stores. ➢ Roles and Responsibilities: • Designed andimplemented user-friendly e-commerce websites. • Developed front-end and back-end functionalities for seamless customer experience. • Ensured website responsiveness and optimized performance. • Implemented secure payment gateways for seamless and secure online transactions. • Utilized version control systems (e.g.,Git) to manage and track changes in the codebase. • Troubleshoot coding issues and bugs. Developing SEO/PPC Strategy/Marketing Plans. 2. Project Name: Zoomin Photobook Software ➢ Description: Instead of printing your photos and then making an album/scrapbook our Zoom in’s photo album online allows you to directly upload your pictures, design the layout, add captions and print them into a beautiful custom photo album full of bright pictures. ➢ Roles and Responsibilities: • Developing the user interface of the software using Python frameworks like Django this involves creating the layout, design, and functionality of the application's frontend. • Implementing the backend logic and functionality of the software, including user authentication, data storage and retrieval. • Implementing features related to image processing, such as uploading images, resizing, cropping, applying filters, and arranging them in the photo book layout. • Designing and implementing the database schema, handling database operations, and ensuring data integrity ▪ ProjectManagement ▪ Critical Thinking ▪ Good Communication ▪ Emotional Intelligence ▪ Problem Solving ▪ Software and application knowledge ▪ Team Work ▪ Administrative PROJECTS 3 PERSONAL DETAILS • Certification Course: Python full stack development in Perfect IT Solution • Diploma: Completed in Computer Branch from MSBTE inyear2023 Date of Birth: 18/6/2004 Marital Status: Un-married Languages: English,Hindi, Marathi Strengths: Positive attitude, Effective Presentation, Management EDUCATION